Adds clarification for difference in percentage for CSP (#2686)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2021/security.md

  )
}}

> We see more and more websites starting to use CSP with 9.3% of the HTML in the homepage of websites on mobile using CSP now compared to 7.2% last year. `upgrade-insecure-requests` continues to be the most frequent CSP used. The high adoption rate for this policy is likely because of the same reasons mentioned [last year](../2020/security#content-security-policy); it is an easy, low-risk, policy that helps in upgrading all HTTP requests to HTTPS and also helps with to block mixed content being used on the page. `frame-ancestors` is a close second, which helps one define valid parents that may embed a page.

Reviewer: I think that's too verbose. What about this?:

```suggestion
We see more and more websites starting to use CSP with 9.3% homepages on mobile using CSP now compared to 7.2% last year. `upgrade-insecure-requests` continues to be the most frequent CSP used. The high adoption rate for this policy is likely because of the same reasons mentioned [last year](../2020/security#content-security-policy); it is an easy, low-risk, policy that helps in upgrading all HTTP requests to HTTPS and also helps with to block mixed content being used on the page. `frame-ancestors` is a close second, which helps one define valid parents that may embed a page.
```

{{ figure_markup(
  image="security-adoption-of-security-headers.png",

>   caption="Adoption of security headers for requests in mobile pages.",
>   description="Bar chart showing the prevalence of different security headers, for any requests in mobile pages in 2021 and 2020. `X-Content-Type-Options` was 30.0% in 2020 and is 36.6% in 2021, `X-Frame-Options` was 27.0% in 2020 and is 29.4% in 2021, `Strict-Transport-Security` was 17.4% in 2020 and is 22.9% in 2021, `X-XSS-Protection` was 18.4% in 2020 and is 20.0% in 2021, `Expect-CT` was 11.1% in 2020 and are 13.4% in 2021, `Content-Security-Policy` was 10.9% in 2020 and 12.8% in 2021, `Report-To` was 2.5% in 2020 and is 11.9% in 2021, `Referrer-Policy` was 7.3% in 2020 and is 10.0% in 2021, `Feature-Policy` was 0.5% in 2020 and is 0.6% in 2021.",

Reviewer: I did notice it's all requests, but same-domain ones.

```suggestion
  caption="Adoption of security headers for site requests in mobile pages.",
  description="Bar chart showing the prevalence of different security headers, for any requests under the same domain in mobile pages in 2021 and 2020. `X-Content-Type-Options` was 30.0% in 2020 and is 36.6% in 2021, `X-Frame-Options` was 27.0% in 2020 and is 29.4% in 2021, `Strict-Transport-Security` was 17.4% in 2020 and is 22.9% in 2021, `X-XSS-Protection` was 18.4% in 2020 and is 20.0% in 2021, `Expect-CT` was 11.1% in 2020 and are 13.4% in 2021, `Content-Security-Policy` was 10.9% in 2020 and 12.8% in 2021, `Report-To` was 2.5% in 2020 and is 11.9% in 2021, `Referrer-Policy` was 7.3% in 2020 and is 10.0% in 2021, `Feature-Policy` was 0.5% in 2020 and is 0.6% in 2021.",
```
